Button Component readme :  Suggest label in case there is not text (#40639)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/button/README.md

#### Text label

> All button types use text labels to describe the action that happens when a user taps a button. If there’s no text label, there should be a [label](#label), and eventually an icon, to signify what the button does.

Reviewer: I might change the phrasing to something like this: "If there’s no text label, there needs to be a [label](#label) added and an icon to signify what the button does." In my mind, there needs to be both so it's more about including adding a label along with the icon.

> All button types use text labels to describe the action that happens when a user taps a button. If there’s no text label, there should be a [label](#label), and eventually an icon, to signify what the button does.

Reviewer 2: @annezazu Something like this?

```suggestion
All button types use text labels to describe the action that happens when a user taps a button. If there’s no text label, there needs to be a [label](#label) added and an icon to signify what the button does.
```

Reviewer: This looks excellent.
